‎From the beginning,
‎Jehovah has always cared about people.
‎Sadly, many of them
‎have caused him great pain.
‎But some have made him very happy.
‎Jesus always made Jehovah happy.
‎Satan didn’t like this.
‎He tried everything
‎to get Jesus to do what was wrong.
‎If you are a son of God,
‎tell these stones
‎to become loaves of bread.
‎It is written:
‎“Man must not live on bread alone.”
‎Grr!
‎Hmm.
‎If you are a son of God,
‎throw yourself down,
‎for the angels
‎will carry you on their hands,
‎so you may not strike your foot
‎against a stone.
‎Prove it to them.
‎Again it is written: “You must not put
‎Jehovah your God to the test.”
‎Grr.
‎Hmm.
‎See all this glory;
‎it is mine.
‎And I give it to whomever I wish.
‎And all these things I will give to you
‎if you fall down
‎and do an act of worship to me.
‎Hmm.
‎Go away, Satan!
‎For it is written: “It is
‎Jehovah your God you must worship,
‎and it is to him alone
‎you must render sacred service.”
‎Jesus was determined
‎to make Jehovah happy.
‎But this story isn’t over.
‎This is your story too.
‎What do you mean, Dad?
‎Well, what you do
‎can make Jehovah happy.
‎Our text this morning, Proverbs 27:11
‎—Do you remember what that says?
‎Oh, yeah!
‎It says: “Be wise, my son,
‎and make my heart rejoice.”
‎Good memory, Sophia!
‎That scripture is talking about you.
‎What you do every day,
‎not only big things
‎but also small things you do,
‎can make His heart rejoice.
‎Remember today’s text, children.
‎I know you’ll make Jehovah happy.
‎Let’s pray.
‎OK, kids.
‎It’s a pop quiz today!
‎Oh, man!
‎Yes!
‎Now, Sophia, if you ace this test,
‎you’ll be number one
‎in the whole class.
‎Oh, yeah!
‎You’re at the next level.
‎Keep going!
‎ . . . number one in the whole class.
‎Hey!
‎You got this one?
‎Yeah, here.
‎Hey, Sophia!
‎You want the answer?
‎Oh, man!
‎That stinks. You lost!
‎Hey, Caleb!
‎You want to play?
‎Come on; it’s fun!
‎Um.
‎Forget it.
‎He’s a loser!
‎Let me play with it!
‎Are you going to play or not?
‎Yay!
‎Yeah!
‎Nooooo!
‎Caleb! Caleb! Caleb! Caleb! Caleb!
‎Caleb? Caleb? Caleb?
‎You going to play?
‎Hey, Sophia!
‎You want the answer?
‎And you too can have success!
‎That’s OK.
‎No, thanks.